minor grammatical fixes for clarity (#72)
rlespinasse/github-slug-action: README.md

    - [Short variables](#short-variables)
  - [Contribute](#contribute)
  - [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)

>     - [One of environement variables doesn't work as intended](#one-of-environement-variable-dont-work-as-intended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [One of environement variables doesn't work as intended](#one-of-environement-variables-doesnt-work-as-intended)
```
